The next thing that we're gonna kind of
do is I'm going to have it set to update
the price just to show you how
that might work in the reducer.
And if this stresses you out,
don't worry it stresses me out too.
We're gonna make it better first,
we'll show how to do without any
libraries to deal with the mutable state.
Which is playing on JavaScript and then I
think somebody brought up a library called
MR before and
why don't we use that we totally will.
We'll kind of see what that gives
us by doing it by hand first and
then making it a little bit better for
ourselves.
So what I'm gonna do is
I am gonna go ahead and
implement the ability to update the price.
And then you are going to implement
the ability to update the quantity.
And then we will pull those all together
start figuring out how to actually get
the derived and computed data
from this project into place.
So some of this will be
somewhat similar for us,
let's go and create the actions first.
In actions, so we've got Export const,
let's call it item price updated.
We got 'ITEM_PRICE_UPDATED', and What do
we need to know about what are the two?
What are the pieces of information that
we need to know in order to update
the price of an item?
>> The ID and the price?
>> Yeah, what item and what price?
Right, removing all we need to
know is once you want to remove,
we're gonna update we need at least
one other piece of information.
We don't care about the rest of it,
so we can say export for
const and we'll call it update price.
Consti update price and really so
that what needs uuid and
it needs the new price, right?
I'll say of the type, Let's
do past tense here as well,
item price updated,
great and like I said before,
the payload is pretty simple.
It's simply, Uuid and
price, again like I really
feel strongly about what is the bare
minimum you get away with in your actions.
And then bringing this into our,
we need to put in the reducer as well,
so let's do that.
All right, so this is tricky,
think about this as I type,
I'm gonna ask somebody in a second.
How do I return an array with
mostly the same objects,
just updating the one
that I'm looking for?
Cuz I can't mutate the array again,
I can't just like find the index and
mutate it myself.
I need to return a brand new array
with everything else the same.
So as I type for a little bit,
you think about that and
then we'll discuss it as a team.
>> Map,
>> Map and
then what happens when I'm in the map?
So all right, let me get there and
then you're gonna talk me through this.
All right, so we're gonna return
state dot map with the item,
all right what's my logic?
>> We need to check uuid.
>> All right, so
>> And if there is a match,
then update the price
otherwise return item.
>> Cool, so item uuid equals look equals
equals equals action dot payload dot uuid.
So it's the one that we're looking for,
then we're going to return but
we can't just mutate the object, right.
We have to create a brand new object for
a new version of the object
of that given item where the price
is action dot payload dot price.
Otherwise just return
the original item on modified,
I don't love it,
it works well, it should work.
We'll find out when we get it completely
wired up, but this should work.
But you can see where JavaScripts lack
of immutable data types starts to get
a little bit tedious for
us cuz we have to spread everything.
And again, I'm highlighting this problem
cuz we're looking at solutions to it in
a little bit.
Let's actually get over to
our menu item container.
And we'll say update price,
really this point just needs the price and
it should be, We want to dispatch,
Update price with whatever price has
passed them and the own props that uuid.
Right, so again we're taking these action
creators and we're just trying to like
both, like reformat them to whatever
props this company is expecting.
And do whatever ceremony that we need
to do with them to get them ready for
this component to take them as is.
The nice part about this is it does
provide a separation of concerns,
we're separating all of our presentational
component does not have to change at all.
Other than the example of dispatch going
and we haven't touched a presentation
component other swap in
the menu item container.
All right, that should do the trick but
I don't believe anything.
Tofu salad, it's gonna cost $13 and
then it's gonna cost, whoop,
it's not updating just yet.
Actually let me refresh, because again
we changed the stuff with the actions.
Let's go ahead, yeah, it does work so now
I can update its value, so to show you,
I couldn't do this before which is nice.
Why did I have to refresh?
Because again, I changed somethings that
weren't connected to react which meant
the hot mojo reloading
didn't pick up on them.
So a quick refresh will get
it working in those cases.